# MACI KeyChain

Welcome to the MACI Keychain App, a key management system for MACI (Minimal Anti-Collusion Infrastructure) keys and other edDSA keys (WIP). This app is designed to securely manage, store, and utilize cryptographic keys for various MACI contracts and polls.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Repositories](#repositories)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- Securely manage multiple cryptographic keys.
- Derive specific keys for different MACI contracts and polls.
- Seamless integration with websites using a QR code and WebSocket connection.
- End-to-end encryption for all communications between the app and connected websites. (WIP)
- Backup keys securely to iCloud and Google Cloud. (WIP)

## Installation

To run this app locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yashgo0018/maci-key-manager-app.git
    cd maci-key-manager-app
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

    Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed.

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. **Start the Expo app:**

    ```bash
    npx expo start
    ```

4. **Run the app on your device:**

    You can use the Expo Go app on your Android or iOS device to scan the QR code generated by the Expo CLI.

## Usage

1. **Register and manage keys:**
   - Manage multiple keys, rename them for specific MACI contracts (WIP), and derive keys for different polls.

2. **Connect to a website:**
   - Visit a MACI-enabled website that supports the MACI Keychain.
   - Select the key wallet option and scan the QR code with the MACI Keychain app.
   - Confirm the connection and perform actions like voting securely from your mobile device.

## Repositories

This project is divided into several repositories:

1. **MACI KeyChain Server:** [GitHub Link](https://github.com/yashgo0018/maci-key-manager-server)
2. **Demo Webapp (MACI Wrapper Based Implementation):** [GitHub Link](https://github.com/yashgo0018/maci-key-manager-demo)
3. **Keychain Application:** [GitHub Link](https://github.com/yashgo0018/maci-key-manager-app)
4. **Deployment Scripts:** [GitHub Link](https://github.com/yashgo0018/maci-key-manager-server-deployer)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the MACI Keychain App. If you have any ideas, suggestions, or bug reports, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

1. **Fork the repository.**
2. **Create a new branch:** `git checkout -b feature/YourFeature`
3. **Commit your changes:** `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. **Push to the branch:** `git push origin feature/YourFeature`
5. **Open a pull request.**

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Thank you for using the MACI Keychain App! If you have any questions or need further assistance, please feel free to open an issue in the repository.
